I spent my entire adult life trying to help people give of myself
and I can't even get my medical bill paid. Well,
John field got my medical bill paid.
He finally got these politicians with his team.
Firefighter reefer who's since died,
fought with terminal cancer for nine years in a wheelchair.
Literally at the end,
came out of hospice to go finalize getting us this coverage.
Detective Luis Alvarez,
who testified days before he died in front of Congress
and a bunch of other guys that were really, really sick.
And we had to shame these people into signing on.
And luckily we had Jon Stewart come on and literally just,
just hound these guys and, and shame them and embarrass them.
And what it all stemmed from was in 2006,
the first death that was determined to be linked to nine 11,
there was others.
But the first one that was officially linked was a New York city police
detective, who initially the city said he died of advanced lung disease.
His lungs were protruding out of his body and he was on painkillers.
And it was so bad at the end that the doctor said, just grind them up,
snort them, drink it, whatever you need to do to get instant relief.
So when they found the talcum from the pill lining in his lungs, they said,
oh no, this is opiate abuse. You didn't, he didn't die of lung disease.
So they said, and the mayor, it was quoted as saying he is not a hero. Well,
shame on you, Mr. Mayor.
He was a hero and his father who was a retired police chief,
married up with the feel-good foundation and John Stewart and Ray Pfeiffer,
detective Alvarez. And they got us all covered,
but it took so long. Lexi was so heartbreaking.
These people who were lining up three deep politicians,
three deep to catch a picture with a responder so they can tweet hashtag never
forget and hashtag look at me and Hey, how am I doing all that bull crap?
But they did not. They were nowhere to be freaking found. I physically,
I literally witnessed them hiding in cloak rooms,
running down hallways away from us, those freaking cowards that's cowardice.
W can I just linger on the Jon Stewart thing, that comedian actor, John Stewart,
uh,
his testimony before Congress over the benefits for nine 11 first responders.
I mean, there's a lot of important human beings in this story,
but he has a big voice and he spoke from the heart.
What do you make of that testimony?
Oh, it was heartfelt. I mean he spoke, look, I mean,
John, John was a, you know, a polarizing guy, right?
There's certain things like over the years he was cutting edge and I might not
have agree with all of his. Oh yeah. You know, well, you know, some stuff,
you know, like we all, but I'll tell you. I found him as funny. I,
I enjoyed his humor.
I would love the two to you to a conversation.
But again, I love a guy where you can have,
you can have a difference in opinion.
That's the beautiful thing about the firehouse kitchen. I mean,
it could get raucous and LA and now I don't know,
it's a little different situation, but I mean, back in the day,
some funny stuff, but yeah, John, John literally just took his talents.
You would think he was speaking from the heart of a fireman or a cop or soldier
or a Marine or, you know, someone who was there.
But I think he especially got to know Ray so well.
And Ray had this stack of mass cards from the funeral
cards they give out, it looks like, you know,
a larger business card that's laminated. And Ray had a stack of them.
He would carry around. I think it was close to a hundred cards
and John saw it and he said, what's that? He says, these are my cards. He said,
for what he says for my brother's funerals, he was like, oh my God,
you've been to that many funerals. He goes, yeah, this,
this is just the ones I made. Like, like, you know,
and John I think was, was just stunned. And I,
John actually had that stack of cards after, after Ray passed and like said,
look, look at these look, there's going to be more of these cards.
We have one guy a week or girl, one responder or,
or recovery worker or someone who actually resided down there.
There's more than one a week dying.
It's one a day dying on average. And on average,
two people are diagnosed with a nine 11 cancer or disease right
now the S the worst part is there's autoimmune diseases flying off the graph.
And you're not covered under the legislation by the grace of God.
My cancer was covered. If, if my, if my cancer comes back, I mean,
I'm in remission, technically incurable, but, um,
I've been blessed them staying ahead of this stuff going on 10 years.
But if it comes back with a vengeance tomorrow and takes me, you know,
at least my,
my wife will get my pension and be able to live her life without fear.
But my friends who were suffering from these advanced autoimmunes their wives
get nothing. Their pension dies with them. And we're hoping that,
that, you know, John and his army can,
can shame these politicians once again,
to have the kindness and decency to cover these. Autoimmunes, you know,
they're throwing a lot of money around that, a lot of things lately,
and this is one that they want. And,
and these are the lives in the balance who really need it. And John had this.
Strong line, they did their jobs, do yours,
talking to the politicians. Yeah. And it,
it's a strong wake up call that, um,
it's not about the Twitter or the social media or all that kind of stuff.
It's you have a job to do. And you have to it's that compassion,
uh,
implementing form of money of helping people that were there for you when
you needed help.
Well, we had a guy, I mean, I might get audited out of this one. I hope not.
But we had a Congressman from out west. I won't say where,
but he prided himself on saying he was a retired cop, busy cop,
22 years. He said, no, on the legislation,
I witnessed a cop, who's dying. Get out of his wheelchair and said,
Hey brother, I got a half a million dollars in medical bills.
And I'm a short time.
Or I got a few months to live who the AF is going to pay him,
do the right thing. You say, you're a cop. You show me you're a cop.
And you sign that paper.
And the guy started tearing up the congressmen and he signed it,
but he had to be freaking shame. And you know what he said, well,
this doesn't really confront me. This is poor.
As far as my district's concerned, he goes, oh yeah.
Do you notice 10 guys from your district who came across the country to help us
that are also dying? Get no idea. He had no idea.
And that's the sad part about Alexa? There's, there's,
it's a failure in leadership, you know? I mean,
I think some people would vote for Mickey mouse just cause if you ran, I mean,
I, no offense against Mickey mouse. I like him. He's a good guy. Right? I mean,
but like, like allegedly, supposedly. Yeah. You know, but seriously,
like I, he has look at,
I look at someone of leadership sometimes and go true.
And also you lose, uh, I think the way government is structured is,
um, people who are senators or, um, uh, people who are in Congress, they,
they start playing game between each other and they lose track of the connection
to the, to the, to the people, to basic humanity. You forget,
even when you think of yourself as a cop, uh,
you forget what are like the cops. Uh, and, uh,
the other people, uh, servicing the community,
actually experiencing all the troubles they're going through and how they can
actually be helped because you lose touch with that because you're not actually
living. You're not talking to them, y'all living among them. And I mean,
that's a natural part of the system,
but I think that's why character and great leadership was important. As you say,
you leave the game of Congress and you go back to the people. Um,
I mean, that's what the, the country, you know,
it's like the George Washington ideal is you're not playing the game of power.
You're ultimately see yourself as somebody who's servicing this country,
servicing the community.
And that requires talking to the people in their time of hardship.